gh-118518: Improve perf docs (#118708)
python/cpython: Doc/howto/perf_profiling.rst

How to work without frame pointers
----------------------------------

If you are working with a Python interpreter that has been compiled without

> frame pointers you can still use the ``perf`` profiler but the overhead will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
frame pointers, you can still use the ``perf`` profiler, but the overhead will be
```

a bit higher because Python needs to generate unwinding information for every
Python function call on the fly. Additionally, ``perf`` will take more time to
process the data because it will need to use the DWARF debugging information to
unwind the stack and this is a slow process.

To enable this mode, you can use the environment variable
:envvar:`PYTHON_PERF_JIT_SUPPORT` or the :option:`-X perf_jit <-X>` option,
which will enable the JIT mode for the ``perf`` profiler.

.. note::

    Due to a bug in the ``perf`` tool, only ``perf`` versions higher than v6.8
    will work with the JIT mode.  The fix was also backported to the v6.7.2

>     version of the tool. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    version of the tool.
```
Removed whitespace in the end. In theory, it should pass [linter test](https://github.com/python/cpython/actions/runs/8986576592/job/24683019918?pr=118708#step:4:159) now.

    
    Note that when checking the version of the ``perf`` tool (which can be done
    by running ``perf version``) you must take into account that some distros
    add some custom version numbers including a ``-`` character.  This means
    that ``perf 6.7-3`` is not necessarily ``perf 6.7.3``.

When using the perf JIT mode, you need an extra step before you can run ``perf
report``. You need to call the ``perf inject`` command to inject the JIT
information into the ``perf.data`` file.::

    $ perf record -F 9999 -g --call-graph dwarf -o perf.data python -Xperf_jit my_script.py
    $ perf inject -i perf.data --jit --output perf.jit.data
    $ perf report -g -i perf.jit.data

or using the environment variable::

    $ PYTHON_PERF_JIT_SUPPORT=1 perf record -F 9999 -g --call-graph dwarf -o perf.data python my_script.py
    $ perf inject -i perf.data --jit --output perf.jit.data
    $ perf report -g -i perf.jit.data

> When ``perf inject --jit`` its called. this will read ``perf.data``,
> automatically pick up the perf dump file that python creates (in
> ``/tmp/perf-$PID.dump``), and then create ``perf.jit.data`` which merges all the
> JIT information together. This should also create a lot of ``jitted-XXXX-N.so``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``perf inject --jit`` command will read ``perf.data``,
automatically pick up the perf dump file that Python creates (in
``/tmp/perf-$PID.dump``), and then create ``perf.jit.data`` which merges all the
JIT information together. It should also create a lot of ``jitted-XXXX-N.so``
```

A bit fixed as much as I could understand, hopefully correctly :)
